ALLURE BEAUTY SPA by Jeniffer Vasquez & Joceline Garcia
 
What is our business?
Allure Spa is a beauty salon business specializing in hair. Our business' #1 priority is to satisfy our customers and make them feel at home and comfortable. We have a caring, family-like staff of professional cosmetologists that will help you not only look beautiful, but feel beautiful. Our salon could be described as luxury meets contemporary all at a quite reasonable price. Some of our services include haircuts, blow-dry, hair dying, styling, manicure/pedicure, and waxing/threading. 
 
Allure Spa Ethos
Allure Spa is committed to bring smiles to our customers' faces from the second they walk in. Our licensed cosmetologists are here to fulfill the customer’s every beauty need, and at a price that won’t break the bank. We are here for every customer looking to unwind, recharge, or simply looking for a root touch up!
 
What do we offer?
Our services include:
- hair styling		    -hair removal	
- massages    		   -manicure/pedicure
 
Who is our target audience?
Our services are open to both men and women, but our target audience are people aged 25 and up, as they make up about 92% of all consumers of the hair and nail services. 
 
Why will people choose allure?
The website will offer 20% off any service for first time customers. Also, people will be searching the site for past customers’ experiences, and a good service at a cheap price.
 
Are they familiar with the services?
The customers will have a generalized idea about what the salon will offer, but the site will contain detailed information about what they are walking into and the services they will have and how the service will be done. 
 
Any time sensitive information? 
No, the website will not include time sensitive information. The first time customer promotion will be indefinite, and won’t expire.
 
Do they want to discover information about a specific product or service to help them decide whether to buy it or not?
Yes, since our salon offers a variety of services there are alot of options for customers. Thanks to our descriptive website and the support of customer reviews we are able to provide specific information about each service. If a customer still needs more information and clarification there would be an option to schedule a free consultation with one of our specialized cosmetologists. 
 
Do they need to contact you? If so, can they visit in person (which might require opening hours and a map)? Or might they need email or telephone contact details 
Our website provides a “Contact Us” section easily accessible to all customers where they can find our store’s hours, phone number, email and address since they have to visit us in person. 
 
Will visitors be familiar with your subject area / brand or do you need to introduce yourself?
Visitors will have a general idea of our salon since it offers alot of similar services offered in other salons but we will still have to introduce ourselves to show customers what sets us aside from the rest.
 
Will they be familiar with the product / service / information you are covering or do they need background information on it? 
They will have the general knowledge on the services we offer at Allure salon and many of them already know what they will want to get done. But regardless, customers will be provided with a little bit of background information on every service. 
 
What are the most important features of what you are offering?
Customers will be able to schedule their appointment through our website. This gives them full control on when to set their appointments. In addition, another important feature will be providing first time customers with a coupon. 
 
What is special about what you offer that differentiates you from other sites that offer something similar?
At Allure spa our top priority are our customers, and we provide a safe space where customers can provide us with feedback on what we can improve on. In addition to our 20% coupon, we have a loyalty program. Every time a customer returns to our salon they will get a card that gets stamped and after 10 services we provide one for free. 
 
 
Once people have achieved the goal that sent them to your site, are there common questions people ask about this subject area?
There will be common questions people ask about our services but we clearly provide our contact information where any questions that arent answered on the site will be answered. 
